Update bandchain.js docs (#81)
bandprotocol/bandchain-docs: docs/develop/developer-tools/02-bandchain.js/03-getting-started.md

# Getting Started

BandChain.js provides two primary interaction patterns for working with the BandChain blockchain:

1. **Query Client** - Make read-only queries to fetch data from BandChain
2. **Message Composer** - Create messages and use `signAndBroadcast` to mutate BandChain state

## Installation

Before getting started, install BandChain.js and its peer dependencies:

```bash
npm install @bandprotocol/bandchain.js

# or

yarn add @bandprotocol/bandchain.js
```

## Simple Query

> The query client allows you to read data from the blockchain without needing a wallet or paying transaction fees. This is perfect for fetching account balances, oracle data, validator information, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query client allows you to read data from the BandChain without needing a wallet or paying transaction fees. This is perfect for fetching account balances, price feeds data, validator information, and more.
```
